## How to use

You can either run, test, and edit this application locally, or get started quickly by running the application on Github Codespaces. 

To create a codespace for this repo:

* Select 'Code' and 'Create a codespace on main'. 
* The auto setup scripts will take about 4-5 minutes to run upon first startup.
* Once the codespace is ready, you will see an active terminal, awaiting commands. 
* Before attempting to run your application, open a new terminal and run  
```conda activate lamprove-env```   
*New terminals can be opened by clicking '+' button at the top right of the bottom output window. If this is not visible, a terminal can be started from the menu at the top left of the created codespace.*
* Subsequent starts of the same codespace will not need to run this setup step. 
* Reference the Storehouse repo for further reference material regarding Github, Streamlit, terminal commands, and Conda environments.

A sample application for your chosen solution is located at /sample-app. 
To run the application:
```
cd sample-app
streamlit run streamlit_sample.py
```
Remember that the sample application is simply a starting point to get you thinking. Use it as a launching point, or don't use it all!



## Disclaimer
The sample application has been generated by AI. There may be bugs, and references to third party libraries may need to be adjusted to work properly. 

Use this as an opportunity to strengthen your debugging skills!

And note that the presence of these errors should decrease over time as we update our code generation process. 

### Footnote
*If you are somehow viewing this without first having signed up to use Lamprove, this repo won't make much sense until you do. Go [here](https://lamprove.com) to register and begin learning how to build AI-based applications!*